OSDOCS-20668: Fix product name in Helm CLI release note (#115363)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/zstream-4-22-2.adoc

[id="zstream-4-22-2-new-features_{context}"]
== New features

The Helm CLI for Red{nbsp}Hat OpenShift v4 is now available as a standalone download::
+

> The Helm CLI for Red{nbsp}Hat OpenShift v4.1.4 is the first supported downstream build of Helm v4, available as a standalone binary from the OpenShift mirror repository. This release provides access to Helm v4 capabilities, enabling you to evaluate and use Helm v4 workflows on OpenShift.

Reviewer: The second and third instances here do refer to the RHOCP product, so no need to change. Only the first instance needs the adjustment.

+

> Note that all integrated OpenShift console flows and software catalogs still run on Helm v3 only. If you use new Helm chart features or Helm v4-exclusive features through the command line interface (CLI), they will not map to or render in the current OpenShift web console.

Reviewer: Here the reference is to the RHOCP product, not Helm, so please use the full product name of RHOCP or whatever is proper in this case (short or long name).

+
Red{nbsp}Hat does not distribute Helm as a traditional RPM.

> +

Reviewer: Should say: Helm CLI v4

[id="zstream-4-22-2-new-features_{context}"]
== New features

> The Helm CLI for Red{nbsp}Hat OpenShift v4 is now available as a standalone download::

Reviewer 2: Perhaps this would be better as,

```suggestion
Version 4 of the Helm CLI for Red{nbsp}Hat OpenShift is now available as a standalone download::
```
This avoids the ambiguity of whether we're talking about v4 of Helm CLI or v4 of OpenShift, and it sets the context for the subsequent reference to `v4.1.4`.

Reviewer: Thanks, Webb. This is also an option. 
Another option is to specify v4 after Helm CLI and before for Red Hat OpenShift: Helm CLI v4 for Red Hat OpenShift. But I am also good with the text I approved earlier.

Author: @mkumku could you take another look?
